Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 
The program should print "Greeting", and let the users ask what is the user's favorite color.
Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 
First, it appears greeting, and then, it ask me what is my favorite color.
What do you think the program did with what you typed?
Since it doesn't have a variable for the input, it will not do anything with what I typed.

Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 
It will do the same thing as main1.py, but it will have a variable that store the color information, so that the program will print out user's favorite color.

What do you think the color = input() will do? 
It will store what user's input as color.
Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?
Yes, it did.
Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
First, it will ask the user what is their favorite color, if user type in red, it will print out correct, but if it is not it will ask the user to try again.
What is happening on lines 11–14? 
It is an if statement, that find out the color that user input is red or not.
Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 
Because it is included in the if statement. If they do not do so, it will become error.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 
It will become "sorry, please try again" becasue it is different with the if statement. 
What does this tell you about "color"?
If the color is red, it will be correct, if it is not, it will ask you to try again. 


Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
It will do the same thing as main3.py except at this time you can type in both "Red" and "red", the answer will be correct both.
What problem is this trying to solve? 
It is trying to solve when user didn't capitalize the "Red". The if statement will find out it as well.

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?
It will not show the correct answer. It will ask the user to run again.

Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 
It will automacially transfer the color variable into lower case letters.
What problem is it trying to solve? 
No matter what kind of letter users type in, it will all transfer to lower case letters.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?
It will not appear "correct", it will ask the user to try again.


Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 
Line 11 will take out all the space away. So if you are typing " Red", it will appear "red".
What would you guess .strip() is doing? 
.Strip() will take out all the space away. 
Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?
"R ed"


Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 
There appear another if statement, if user input pink, it will print out "close" for user to have another guess.
What is the purpose of line 11? 
It will transfer the color string into lower case and take out of the space in front of the word or in the and of the word.
Run the program and answer the question.

It does the exactly same thing as I said 

Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 
It will run a loop that keep asking the user what is their favorite color until they have the correct answer.
Why are lines 12–19 indented? 
Because they are in the while loop.
Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 
it will not run the loop, error
Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.

Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 
it is a while loop. While color is not equal to "red", it will keep running the loop
What is the purpose of “count”? 
It will count how many times that user guessed/
What is happening on line 22? 
It will tell the user how many times they used to guess the correct answer.
Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit?
Yes